With the back-end optimized, let's have a look at the front-end. There we got a nice folder structure already
but there still are a couple of things I want to change.
Let's start by working on the app module.
It's a pretty big file with a lot of declarations and imports,
there's nothing wrong with that but we can optimize this both from a coding perspective, as well as from
a performance perspective.
It's a bit hard to read that file,
for example we got a lot of material related imports here and that makes it a bit harder to see our
other imports.
So it is considered a good practice to put all these material imports into their own app module or into
their own ngModule
I should say and then just import that ngModule into the app module.
This will not yield any performance difference,
it simply makes our code easier to read.
We then will also split our app into different sub-modules though and I mean modules for the different
features of our app.
For example we could create a separate module for logging in and signing up,
so for the authentication related things and we can also put our post related things into their
own module.
For an app of the size we have here, this always is something you can argue about but it is something which
is a good practice for bigger apps especially and which also makes sense for a lot of smaller apps though.
So let's implement this step-by-step and let's start with the Angular module, the @angular/material module.
I will add it here on the root level,
I will add the angular-material.module.ts file and in there, I will export a class which I'll name
AngularMaterialModule
and I will decorate it with @ngModule,
this turns it into an Angular module.
Now this module will only do one thing,
import things from the Angular material package and export them again.
So let's go to the app module and let's use that import from @angular/material and cut it from there.
Let's go to the Angular material module now and let's add it here.
So now we're importing everything for Typescript,
now we need to add it to ngModule and there, we can go back to the app modules too, grab all these now
marked imports here in the imports array and cut them and go to the Angular material module and add that
imports array here.
So let's add imports like this and put all our imports into it.
Now we want to import that Angular material component into the app module and get access to all these
imports. Now by default,
they're not exposed to any other model.
So to make them usable in another module, we have to add another key here,
the exports key
and we simply add the same modules a second time.
This will now import them and then re-export them
and this is really just a structuring thing so that we can now go to the app module and there, we'll
just add our own Angular material module we just created. This module needs to be imported,
so I'll go to import Angular material module from
and now the path is in the same folder, the Angular material module we just created. With that we can
save that file
and if we go back to our application, it should work as before.
We still have the material components here but now we are actually using the slightly restructured approach
which makes it easier to read. And you can even optimize this Angular material module, this duplication is
really redundant,
a feature Angularr offers is that you can remove the imports array and just export them and the importing
will be done automatically by Angular.
So with that, if we reload
it still works
but now our Angular material module is a bit shorter. Now that's the first part, in the next lectures,
I also want to put my posts and authentication related things into separate modules.